"We've reached the limits of human memory." That statement is not quite right. Since times before the existence of humans, there has been so much sensory data that any set of human minds would not be able to absorb it all. 
It is more apparent now because we have formulated, via human inventions of data manipulation such as natural language and numbers, mass amounts of symbolic data. We've invented methods of transporting such data rapidly, appearing from a human's perception instantly into devices near 24/7. 

How do we filter what we want to focus on? This breaks down into 2 questions. How do we filter what to believe or not, and how do we prioritize what to bring our attention to out of the data that we believe? I believe many of us are inclined to think these are questions that have appeared due to the Information Age - of smartphones and laptops - but it's been a question since before humans have been able to formulate natural language questions. 

Thus, the next question is: how do we take the massive amounts of symbolic data we've gathered, truthful and not, and condense it into a structure that is useful to us?

I posit this type of structure must be minimally isomorphic. Another way to put that is that it must be as seamless for a human to reference biologically as it is to be referenced with the aid of a machine. In a Taoist lens, this type of structure must be harmonious with the environment, with humans included in it. 

Thus, this structure must be harmonious to the theoretical foundations of all symbols: mathematics. 

The structure must be harmonious to the physical foundations of symbol manipulation: entities including but not limited to the human body.

The human body collects rich sensory data from our eyes, ears, nose, skin, organs, and more that is then compressed into our body's memory and retrieved in relevant times. We compress some of this sensory data primarily into explainable symbols. Some sensory data remains primarily stored in a sensory way. Some sensory data is lost and irretrievable.

Next: [[1. A unified knowledge system]]